add-note-for-aws-gp2 (#2216)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/deploy-on-aws-eks.md

### Configure `gp2`

> **note:**
>

> > From EKS Kubernetes 1.23 you need to deploy Amazon EBS CSI driver first to allow Amazon EKS cluster to manage the lifecycle of gp2 volumes. See [Amazon EKS Kubernetes 1.23 important note](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/kubernetes-versions.html#kubernetes-1.23) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Starting from EKS Kubernetes 1.23, you need to deploy the EBS CSI driver before using the default gp2 storage class. For details, refer to [the notice for Amazon EKS Kubernetes 1.23](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/kubernetes-versions.html#kubernetes-1.23).
```
